Sixfold Game

1. Long Long Night

This deserted place enjoyed a quiet midnight. Dark cloud was right above that Russian-style two-storey building. A blinding white light sliced the dark night open, illuminated the whole sky. Inside that ephemeral light, a ghost-like figure, shriveling, opened the crooked door of that building. Behind him, the thunder suddenly growled. The heavy rain was approaching from afar. An ivy was unfortunately hit by the rain, falling from the wall. Splashes of water emerged from the ground, creeping towards the door.
"Peng-Peng-Peng" The heavy rain hit the tile roof like crazy, making monotonous and mechanical-like noises, intending to destroy this old building. Wind was coming from all directions: broken windows, cracks on the door, broken roof... The freezing wind came with the rain sweeping the whole room. That old sunlight lamp, curtain, the door that never closes in the bathroom, books buried in dust and a pair of chopsticks on the table, all waking up from the dead silence, making all kinds of noises.
The water droplets on the faucet kept dropping into the sink every 7 seconds, making a muffled sound. It almost seemed like that droplets were competing with that old desk clock for who was more accurate at displaying time.
However stronger the storm got, it was impossible to repeal the darkness that consumed everything inside.
Now, he bowed his head, with one hand protecting the candle. He slowly went down the stairs towards the depth of the basement.
It was getting more and more darker when he went around the corner. Dark-green moss covered one side of the stone wall, layers by layers. When touching the moss, it feels smooth and chill.
Trembling fire of the candle lightened his face, unable to tell if he was delightful or agitated. His eyes are made of void, and there was no expression on his face. Half of his body was consumed by the darkness. The only thing that was left was the monotonous footsteps echoing on the stone stairs.
The end of the basement was a rusty door, with a rusty lock on it. The lock was almost as big as a fist. He stopped by the door and took out a ring full of keys. He tried several times and finally, he was able to unlocked the door. With a harsh sound, the door moved, leaving a small gap.
He locked the door after entering.
Going down the stairs, he was met by a platform. Another steel door was presented before him.
He rearranged his clothes for a bit before the door.
There was a skylight 2 meters above him. 4 steel railings thicker than the thumb was placed on it. A sudden freezing wind came through, raining on his face. He quickly proceeded to protect the fading candle light.
Out of the blue, he tilted his head, smiling, showing his two yellow, disgusting canine teeth.
The rectangle-shaped room showed no end. Darkness blocked his sight, making it impossible to see the details inside.
Near the door there was a long wooden table being placed there. An old candle holder stood on the middle of the table. He lightened the two candles on it and carefully placed the third one in the middle. Three shaking spots of light invigorated the room. The knife and the fork near the plate had a dimming reflection.
Several water tanks with the height of almost half a person were at the corner. There were wooden covers shielding the tanks. A rotten smell kept leaking from the gaps on the covers, filling the whole room. He didn't seem to mind though, as if he was already used to it.
A white handkerchief was elegantly taken out of his pocket, tucked at the neckline. He poured the little wine that was left into the goblet. He held up the bottom of the goblet, gently shaking, and then put his nose in front of the goblet, greedily smelling. He took a sip of the wine and licked his dry lips. A drop of red wine run down the corner of the mouth, staining that white handkerchief.
He put the candle holder on a trolley. There were a plastic glove and a surgery knife on that trolley as well. The knife was stained with small drops of blood.
More space was turning visible as the light going towards the corner. A woman emerged from the darkness.
The woman was totally naked. She was filthy. There was a bruise on her chest. Her hands and foot were all constrained by chains. She looked up as she heard the sound. Long hair covered half of her face. Her eyes screamed terror.
She was desperately staring at him. "Wu-wu-wu"... Screams came out of her gagged mouth.
